We need to figure out the game. It seems like a Zork-like adventure but with custom locations: West of House, forest, canyon, etc. The player has an egg. Need to find a way to open or break the egg. The commands are being misunderstood; maybe the parser expects simple verbs like "open", "break", "use". The user says "I don't know the word 'help'". So maybe the game is using a limited vocabulary. The player is stuck.

We need to provide a single short phrase command to progress. We need to think of possible actions: maybe "use egg" or "open egg with something". The game says "You have neither the tools nor the expertise." So need a tool. Perhaps a "knife" or "saw". Could be hidden somewhere. Look around at End of Rainbow location: maybe there is a "rock". The player tried "take rock" but didn't know word "rock". So maybe the object is called "stone". Try "take stone". Or "take pebble". Or "take boulder". Or "take piece". Could also be "pickaxe". Could be "shovel". The location description: "Canyon Bottom" earlier had "narrow path". At End of Rainbow, description: small rocky beach, narrow due to White Cliffs, river canyon opens, sunlight, rainbow, narrow path continues southwest. No obvious objects.

Maybe need to go back to the tree where the egg was, maybe there is a "branch" to use as tool. The player tried "take branch" but not present. At tree location, there was a nest with egg. Could also have a "twig". Try "take twig". Or "use twig on egg". Or "break egg with twig". The parser may accept "break egg with twig". Let's try "break egg with twig". If twig not present, maybe need to "get twig". Could also "cut egg". But need a tool.

Maybe there is a "knife" in the house. The player hasn't entered house because door boarded. Could go around house? At north side, there is a path north. Could go north from house to forest, then maybe find a tool. Let's try "north" from West of House? Already did north to north side of house. Could go further north? At north side, there is a narrow path winding through trees. Could go north again? The player tried north and got "The forest becomes impenetrable to the north." So can't go further.

Maybe go east from West of House? The door is boarded, but east is the house interior? Actually West of House is open field west of house. East would be house door, but boarded. So can't.

Maybe go south from West of House? Not tried. Could go south into forest? Let's try "south". That might lead to forest path. Then maybe find a tool.

Thus propose command: "south".
